feat(password): Add a new PasswordValidator component to show password strength (#267)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: source/docs/appendices/migration-guides.md

```diff
...
@import "~theme/components/atoms/Form/Label/Label";
+@import "~theme/components/atoms/Form/Input/Password/Password";
@import "~theme/components/atoms/Form/Input/Select/Select";
...
```

If you overrode the `_Input.scss` file, you may need to indicate the inputs height by adding an `input-height` class to correct the vertical alignment of the icon. 

```diff
input,
+.input-height,
select {
  height: 3.4rem;
}
```

### New PasswordStrengthHint

We included `<PasswordStrengthHint>` to detail the expected complexity of the password.

If you overrode the following files, you will ned to add the two new components introduced by the feature in them :

`_components.scss`

```diff
+@import "~theme/components/atoms/Form/Input/PasswordStrengthHint/PasswordStrengthHint";
+@import "~theme/components/atoms/ProgressStatus/ProgressStatus";
```

`src/web/theme/components/atoms/Form/Input/index.js`

```diff
+import PasswordStrengthHint from "./PasswordStrengthHint";

export {
  ...
+ PasswordStrengthHint,
};
```

You can deactivate of the `PasswordStrengthHint` feature by adding the variable `FRONT_COMMERCE_WEB_PASSWORD_HINT_DISABLE=true` to your environment 

> If you overrode some forms with password creation/change (`RegisterForm`, `ChangeUserPasswordForm`, `PasswordReset`, `PasswordResetForm`), you can add the component this way

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should add the `<PasswordStrengthHint>` component  in every override using the `<Password>` input. In the default theme, the following components were affected:
- `theme/modules/User/RegisterForm/RegisterForm.js`
- `theme/pages/Account/Information/ChangeUserPasswordForm.js`
- `theme/pages/PasswordManagment/PasswordReset/PasswordReset.js`
- `theme/modules/User/PasswordManagement/PasswordResetForm/PasswordResetForm.js`

Here is an example of the changes involved to use this component (usually added after the `<Password>` field):
```

Author: added

```diff
+import PasswordStrengthHint from "theme/components/atoms/Form/Input/PasswordStrengthHint/PasswordStrengthHint";

<Password 
  name="password"
  ...
/>
+ <PasswordStrengthHint
+  formValuePath="password" // must equal the password name value 
+/>
```

### `passwordValidation` deprecation 

> The file `src/web/theme/components/atoms/Form/Input/Password/passwordValidation.js` is now deprecated, if you overrode it, you will ned  to override the password validity configuration in `src/web/theme/components/atoms/Form/Input/Password/passwordConfig.js`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file `theme/components/atoms/Form/Input/Password/passwordValidation.js` is now deprecated. If you overrode it, you must also override the password validity configuration in `theme/components/atoms/Form/Input/Password/passwordConfig.js` (introduced in this release).
```

> See ??? for more details on the password field validation configuration.

Reviewer: **reminder(blocking):** don't forget about it ;)

Author: indeed, done :)

> If you overrode some of the impacted components (`RegisterForm`, `ChangeUserPasswordForm`, `PasswordReset`, `PasswordResetForm`), use the new `src/web/theme/components/atoms/Form/Input/Password/passwordFieldValidator.js` instead of the deprecated `passwordValidation` as follow

Reviewer: **suggestion:** reuse the same list as above. 

**thought:** I wonder if it wouldn't make more sense to group those sections so that integrators could batch these updates for each file. What do you thing?

Author: Those paragraphs are not talking about the same action, the first one is about re-adding the hinter, the second one is about using the new password configuration. 

In my opinion they are two totally different kind of actions.

```diff
-import {
-  isPasswordValid,
-  errorMessage,
-  MIN_PASSWORD_LENGTH,
-  MIN_CHAR_CLASSES,
-} from "theme/components/atoms/Form/Input/Password/passwordValidation";
+import {
+  passwordValidationRules,
+  passwordValidationErrors,
+} from "theme/components/atoms/Form/Input/Password/passwordFieldValidator";

...

<Password 
  name="password"
- validations={{
-   magentoPasswordRule: (_, value) => isPasswordValid(value),
- }}
+ validations={passwordValidationRules}
- validationError={intl.formatMessage(errorMessage, {
-   minLength: MIN_PASSWORD_LENGTH,
-   minClasses: MIN_CHAR_CLASSES,
- })}
+ validationError={passwordValidationErrors}
/>
```

### New features in `2.11.0`

These new features may be relevant for your existing application:

> - `<Password>` fields now display an eye icon to show the password clearly
> - New component : `<PasswordStrengthHint>` to show hints of password's strength criterias to the user
> - New component : `<ProgressStatus>` to show a progressbar with a label

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `<Password>` fields now display an eye icon to reveal the password
- New component: `<PasswordStrengthHint>` to show hints of password's strength criterias to the user
- New component: `<ProgressStatus>` to show a progressbar with a label
```

Depending on how the password page ended up being reworked, it could be good to add links to the relevant sections there from here too.

## `2.11.0` -> `2.12.0`

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

If you overrode the `_Input.scss` file, you may need to indicate the inputs height by adding an `input-height` class to correct the vertical alignment of the icon. 

```diff
// theme/components/atoms/Form/Input/_Input.scss
input,
+.input-height,
select {
  height: 3.4rem;

> }elements

Author: ```suggestion
}
```
